Add Rust workshop to calendar (#1727)
simplabs/simplabs.github.io: _calendar/2022-05-10-rust-workshop.md

---
title: 'Rust Workshop for beginners'
image: '/assets/images/calendar/2022-05-10-rust-workshop/visual-rust.png'
location: Virtual
url: https://ti.to/simplabs/rust-workshop-for-beginners-may-2022/with/rust-workshop-for-beginners
kind: workshop
---

> Rust has become one of the most popular new programming languages in recent
> years. The combination of performance on the level of C++ with stability and
> security on the level of managed languages like C# or Java is attractive to many
> development teams.
> 
> The workshop will take place from the 10th to the 13th of May, from 1pm to 6pm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rust has become one of the most popular new programming languages in recent
years. The combination of performance on the level of C++ with stability and
security on the level of managed languages like C# or Java is attractive to many
development teams. This workshop offers participants an introduction to the world of Rust. It takes place over 5 afternoons, from the 10th to 13th of May, 13:00 to 18:00 CET each day.
```
